the unique and inimitable for which it is the
product that revolutionized the world
of ultra-thin and has laptops
made of a worthy read a new one
also design icon
like his cousins mac pro even better
don't take us inside
entirely in aluminum with technology
unibody then excavated from it
from the same cock arrived
is present in two versions are versions
for 11 and 13 years
right now we 're showing you the
let's make
ultra-thin portable than for
guarantee reduced weight
the small footprint only a series of
things that apple has designed
verona there is no type of c
German tax authorities
id software just for you
Keep yourself for the thickness there
it would have been bad
to allow too
but his engineer
design a device that could be
used for judgments and others
machines then a dvd player in
you will not see macbook air aluminum
always very fine mounts a series of
doors on the right side
a sd card reader from which i
I can also do if high capacity
when starting the machine with the system
operating a USB 2 port than the new one
thunderbolt then a door that
allows to work with graphics and
video
in cascade at a time
performance
on the left side of my macbook air
we have the door for the power supply
bank safe with magnetic connector
another usb port 2 that the output for le
headphones
the microphone in this handset is
integrated and is represented by these
little dots still says
Exit
inside of
we opened this morning
always a backlit keyboard
any if a pair of integrated speakers
below the screen
the trap and multi gesture
glass fiber
and is that the screens from 11 to 13 inches
depending on the staff
at 13 inches it has a footprint of
council
while the eleven
guarantees extreme portability
you have big chunks more or less common
all these machines angle
portentous performances in the sense that
from the start of the machine the way of the
about 40 minutes before application
seconds
mounts not proprietary ssd and therefore
a disp has given that not a disc but one
extremely high capacity memory
fast extremely state
the macbook air line like all the
apple machines mount the new system
operating lion or ester 10.7 in this
time for the updated version 10.7.2
as recited from single to ionadi series
that there is a native 64 bit system that
of course to use all the
resources to distribute them within the
application processes and with
a series d
the functions related to the system itself
inside the suite
the apple and therefore the applications
pre-installed available on all
machines there is the suite highlights he has
represented by these icons in the center
and then iphone from a member of
garageband iweb then a suite
complete for content creation
audio via photographic music and
his chestnuts and that of corn to the heart